docs: fixed broken links in docs (#141)
open-feature/js-sdk-contrib: libs/providers/README.md

# OpenFeature JavaScript Providers

> Providers are responsible for performing flag evaluation. They provide an abstraction between the underlying flag management system and OpenFeature itself. This allows providers to be changed without requiring a major code refactor. Please see the [spec](https://github.com/open-feature/spec/blob/main/specification/sections/02-providers.md) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Providers are responsible for performing flag evaluation. They provide an abstraction between the underlying flag management system and OpenFeature itself. This allows providers to be changed without requiring a major code refactor. Please see the [spec](https://docs.openfeature.dev/docs/specification/sections/providers) for more details.
```
